I'm going to show you something today
that will stir your emotions that will
make you angry that would cause you to
be
uncomfortable and we need to dig into
this because it's what I've been warning
about for years you came here for the
truth so let me unveil that for you if
you will allow me I'm going to show you
a secret report that was made public
that we need to dig into because it
highlights exactly what I have been
talking about it is precisely what I've
been looking at and I am not comfortable
with how accurate I have
been let me show you
something secret RCMP report horns
Canadians May Revolt once they realize
how broke they are this is coming from
the National Post okay this is a
Canadian new news agency reputable news
agency they were able to pull this
report I'll show you it in just a second
right from the get-go the report authors
warn that whatever Canada's current
situation it will probably deteriorate
further in the next 5 years that's a
quote I read the report it's not long
why is it not long because the vast
majority of it is redacted I mean that's
what they do they redact basically
everything all of these government
agencies do that whether it's in Canada
the us or anywhere else what are we in
for I've been talking about this for
years and plain and simple the economic
conditions that we are experiencing
today we're saying it's a high inflation
we are seeing it's it's a little tough
now we got to get a second job just to
be able to deal with what we had
before the RCMP themselves are
suggesting that it's actually going to
get much worse I've been saying that yes
but to read it in black and white is
shocking to
me here is what I wrote on the back I
put this on the back of my book my
second book soon the Earth will rumble
under the heels of the angry mobs I put
that of course it's in the book as well
but I put it on the back because I knew
this would be the theme and I've covered
this countless times many many times
over the years talking about civil
unrest and the eruption that will result
when people have had enough and we are
already in the midst of this now I need
to get through this as much as I can and
I will include the report itself the
links will be under the description I
got not just the article because they
just make it easy they put all the
quotes in here but I'm going to give you
the actual report itself I'll show you
that in just a second a secret RCMP
report is warning that the federal
government that Canada may descend into
civil unrest once citizens realize the
hopelessness of their economic situation
it's like I'm hearing myself talk the
coming period of recession will
accelerate the decline in living
standards that the younger Generations
have already witnessed compared to
earlier generations for example many
Canadians under 35 are unlikely to ever
be able to buy a place to live I have
talked about this how many times over
and over again I've said this I've said
all of these things the Young Generation
has no chance no chance even if prices
were to come down by 50% there still
would be no chance we have gone into a
territory we can't walk back it's
impossible
now not to mention the debt circumstance
not to mention all the money printing
they're doing as it stands
today look further the report labeled
secret is intended as a piece of special
operational information to be
distributed only within the RCMP and
among decision makers in the federal
government what I wanted to highlight
here for those who don't know RCMP think
of this like a higher level police
inside of Canada kind of like an FBI
sort of in a sense um but this is
something that is labeled secret so we
know that they did not want this
distributed and you could see here it's
like the Freedom of Information Act
request same sort of situation this came
through and we are allowed to see some
of it some of it of course not all of it
describing itself as an introduction in
the introduction as a scanning exercise
and you could see it's got significant
impact and so on they do cover some
other stuff as I'll show you but this is
where it all begins okay um for me I
believe that the problem starts when we
can see the devaluation of the currency
and understand that all the other things
are piled up on top of that the central
Core theme is that you have a group of
people at the center of this all that
control the value of your money I know
that there are others on YouTube who
will say and the fed and the fed and
meanwhile they support the FED meanwhile
they point the finger at the government
when they are but a part of it the
central Bankers once you understand the
history and how these central banks and
particular the Federal Reserve was
created you should understand who
started all of this it is so important
to realize that and I am
I'm not too happy with what some others
have suggested to the public it is a
crime in my opinion to lie in such a way
to people for such a serious
issue okay all
right um they're talking about the
erosion of trust and basically saying
look people don't trust government I
wonder
why I wonder why they don't trust the
the institutions I wonder why people are
disenfranchised I wonder why there's
more polarization than ever
before
really because of the Decay we've
experienced people are pushed to the
edge and when we see that we get more
extreme events
occurring it should not come as a
surprise to anyone what we've seen this
is the report itself look you know see
all that white space that's all redacted
that's all redacted they have that right
there by the way I was saying erosion of
trust the past seven years have seen
marked social and political polarization
in the Western World yes obviously but
at the top okay let's start here in the
words of Emanuel macron president of
France we are about to see the end of
abundance now these words I'm these are
the the things I'll put in my in my
subject in the you know in the titles of
the videos and I get you know all kinds
of hate oh my goodness you're fearmonger
all this stuff that's literally the
president of France saying that these
things that I say the civil unrest I'm
actually quoting what I pull from
reports just like this and have been
doing so since 2011 I am not pleased
about my accuracy all throughout I wish
I just wish that it was all
wrong
okay okay let's go economic forecasts
for the next 5 years are Beyond Bleak
they're beyond Bleak it's always unclear
exactly how economies will perform but
this period of recession will likely
have a negative impact on the social and
political world as
well but anybody who who views this
channel knows this already but when I'm
reading this it's like it's giving me
this weird vibe
popular resentment the coming period of
recession will also accelerate the
decline in living standards that the
younger Generations have already
witnessed compared to early generations
for example many Canadians under 35
unlikely to ever be able to buy a place
to
live and they're saying the Fallout from
this decline in living standards will be
exacerbated by the fact that the
difference between the extremes of
wealth is greater now in developed
countries than it has been at any time
in several Generations so basically
people that are alive today have never
seen this before and this report States
and I agree with it the conditions will
deteriorate in the next five
years this is Extreme and by the way
five years they may have reasons to say
they use the number five years it 3
years 5 years 10 years it's down
trajectory and knowing that what
questions do you have to start asking to
be able to make sure that you were well
prepared that's what you need to do you
don't just read this and say oh my
goodness I'm so scared you read this you
say okay that sucks now what am I going
to
do can't believe I'm reading this but
it's here these are the things that I've
been seeing all along and been showing
you all along look average asking rental
price reached
$2,200 this is in Canada you can see the
residential price I'm just trying to
show you it's been going up it's Canada
it's us is everywhere right basically
the price has been skyrocketing all
throughout particular Canada where uh if
we use the extreme examples of Vancouver
and Toronto where the you know large
percentage of the population is that's
an even more extreme circumstance we
have this pod living this one I think
was California and you can see this girl
I don't if if you can tell what's going
on here so this girl is inside of a pod
and she pays I think it was $1,200 a
month for this little pod so shared
facility and she basically sleeps in a
box all right this is what's happening
super high prices and your living
standards
deteriorate pod living number one
working co-work space I just pull this
up this is Orlando just random okay
people will live amongst a bunch of
strangers they will work in co-work
spaces because hey can't have your own
office ride sharing because you can't
have your own
[Music]
car you see what's happening here we're
losing the ability to afford the basics
where we live car energy everything we
need to compact ourselves now look hey
you could be into minimalism you could
do all that that's fine
that's totally fine but if you have to
embrace minimalism because you can't
afford a a standard average
Lifestyle that's that's some there's
something wrong there and when we start
to realize what's happening the group at
the center the nucleus of this problem
is the Federal Reserve or central banks
as we say it broadly what do they do
well they devalue the currency
they create bubbles intentionally they
knew that in the mid 2000s it was
already very apparent that they were
creating a bubble inside of real estate
they knew this they didn't want to
increase the interest rates though we
don't want to pop the bubble we just
want to make it seem like we're being uh
you know prudent we're doing things
right all right then in 2020 they
started buying mortgage back Securities
they started buying corporate bonds
corporate bonds of companies like apple
one of the biggest companies in the
world do you not see a problem with that
mortgage back Securities support
supposedly supporting real estate in a
time in which Real Estate was going up
faster than
ever this shows us that they are trying
to create this divide in between the
rich and the
poor the conditions will will
deteriorate and we will see this group
come in swoop in as the Savior and those
people out there saying and the fed and
the FED they'll actually be cheering
them on and they'll actually be ensuring
that they sneak around it and make sure
that yeah and the fed and the FED but in
reality they're there to distract you
from what's really going on this this is
incredible that I've seen this I don't
want to just go on forever I'm just
showing you what I found what I have
highlighted here this is a report secret
report made public half of it anyway if
that's what the non redacted sections
have imagine what they said where it's
redacted this is um an issue of course
no matter where you live I'm sure all
governments basically recognize the same
thing and so we need to prepare for
ourselves I've got lots of information
in my playlists on YouTube totally free
I've got compass on my website totally
free I've got my live sessions where I
help people in a very small group
setting over zoom and if you're
interested in that there's a link in the
description at the top you got to be
aware of this share this with your
friends and family because I think this
is is incredibly important and we all
need to understand how bad things are
about to get thank you I'll see you
tomorrow take care